When you see,
uh,
you know,
10,000 hours only sign,
uh,
you know,
only those who've done their 10,000 hours can come in.
My middle finger goes up.
I'm like,
I bet it's not 10,000 hours or if it is 10,000 hours,
I'm willing to get 80% of the juice in that orange with like 10% of the effort.
Mm.
Well the 10,000 hours thing to me is a,
it's cute,
but it doesn't factor in for phenoms.
It doesn't,
there's,
there's a lot of people that come into anything,
whatever it is,
with some natural abilities that are pretty undeniable.
Um,
you know,
that's a weird,
that's a weird equation.
But like take,
take something very simple like the harmonica.
Yeah.
Most people don't know that that's sweet.
Blues sound on a harmonica comes from not using it the way the manufacturer
said,
which is called straight harp and using it instead the way African Americans
figured it out,
which is it's much cooler to base it around a hole that nobody was expecting to
draw rather than for blow.
And that gives you a seventh chord.
That sounds like sweet blues music.
If you give me some of that.
All right.
I don't know how this will work.
Oh,
Paul,
I think that was,
you got to move.
But so what's the traditional way of using it?
What would it sound like?
I think that would be Carmen pouring.
It's fuck boy,
apple music.
Boring as fuck white people meet God damn it.
White people at Carmen's.
All right,
but look,
that's not my point.
Who knew when you get one of these things as a party favor as a kid,
there's not somebody who says,
Hey,
don't do that thing where you put your mouth over it.
I'll say,
you know,
but who knew that that's the cooler.
There's,
yeah,
but like the idea is that there's something called tongue blocking.
There's something called cross harp and there's something called the one four
five progression with a scale that no music teacher ever taught you in a grade
school in piano.
All right?
So there's four secrets
and now suddenly the world opens up.
I mean,
when I opened for Jordan Peterson,
Dave Rubin invited me and they said,
you know,
why don't you play a minute worth of harmonica at the Masonic Theater?
So for 2,500 people,
I became Dave Rubin's talking Harmonica Monkey.
Uh,
so I opened for Jordan Peterson.
I said,
you know,
rule number zero,
life is too short not to play the harmonica.
Everyone should learn to play the harmonica or know why they're not doing it.
There's this great thing in the cal Berkeley fight song will win the game or no,
the reason why if you don't play the harmonica,
it's so nice.
It's so simple.
So few people do it.
They're so small.
Number of secrets.
You have to have a reason because I can feed myself.
I can,
I can get housing,
shelter,
I can meet people anywhere in the world.
All I have to do is carry around a piece of plastic with some metal on it.
Or you can be annoying like a lot of people like turn that fucking guy off.
Why is he,
why is he playing that Goddamn Damn Harmonica?
I want to hear that.
Put it back in your pocket.
You go to your next trip,
you already tainted and these people's estimation guys attention whore out here
like,
well,
what's worse?
A harmonica or a guy brings a guitar and start singing folk songs at a party on
the animal house effect,
right?
Yeah.
Beat him over the head with the guitar.
He can shred.
He's going to be fine.
It's great.
If you are looking to hear someone tread,
that's up.
Okay.
All of these things are like options of financial options.
You can exercise them or you cannot exercise.
You don't have to exercise.
But I mean,
there's an equal number of things that people would say that are like the
Harmonica.
Like,
uh,
you should be able to do slam poetry,
right?
Everyone should be able to do slam poetry.
If you can't do slam poetry,
I can feed myself.
I can house,
I can,
I can do slam poetry.
I'll show up at a party and everyone wants to hear slam poetry.
Is that true?
You're just trying to bait me.
Joe,
you're so adorable.